---Chapter 0---

	The building lay in a world teetering, trembling, on the edge of unparalleled
revolution.

	Amongst misty belts of white mountain ranges, across foreboding oceans
and murmuring forests; upon this Earth's face, pockmarked with the scorched
remnants of what were once great cities; and under its grey skies that
would, upon occasion, be split by the sun and the stars, only to have their
clouds filled with the light's orange and purple essence...

	A tale began to unfold.



---Chapter 1---

	Far up the road from the building a car crashed through torrents of
rain, the scream of its engine competing with the roar of nature. Wheels
hurled water off the soaked pavement back into the clutches of the wind.
The pair of headlights shone out in the dark, the only light in a midnight
realm.

	A half-moon discovered a hole in the storm clouds and illuminated the
building, many miles up the road from the vehicle. Dust-covered Venetian
blinds shredded the beam of light. The parallel rays of moonlight cut through
the dusty air inside the room and finally came to rest on a plainly-dressed
figure, curled up in the corner. The boy, his dream-state now compromised
by the moon, began to stir. He knew nothing of the mad world to which he
was awakening.

	The boy blinked and bolted upright.

	"Mom!"

	A baritone cry filled the room, reverberating throughout the place,
leaving no corner untouched. The noise died away and the roar of the rain
reclaimed its grip over the night.

	"Dad!"

	Silence responded. The boy's spirit was unbroken, yet confusion welled
within him.

	"Can hardly see in here", he mumbled to himself. He had spoken almost
involuntarily, as if he needed to hear his own voice.

	A crash of lightening resounded across the land - some higher being's
attempt to strike fear into the creatures of the Earth.

	The boy clambered to his feet only to encounter a rush of blood to
his head. Neon dots swam drunkenly in front of his eyes. With time the
sensation subsided, and blinding colours gave way to blinding darkness.
A chill passed over him and he shivered, wrapping his arms around himself.

	It was cold. His breath was visible and hung in the crisp air, illuminated
by the fleeting moonlight.

	He crossed over to the window. The venetian blinds were covered in
a thin layer of dust. Beyond the blinds and cracked glass torrents of rain
beat the cold earth.

	"Where am I?"

	A slight draft of cold air was present; blowing against the back of
the boy's neck. He turned around searching for the source of the draft,
hoping to find a way out of the room.

	The back corner that he was now facing was not touched by the moon
or any other light. It was impossible to see anything hidden within its
dimensions. Any other individual in so uncertain a situation may have hesitated,
but not this boy. There was something about him, some spark of optimism
that dispelled the possibility of danger from his mind.

	He moved forwards, groping outwards with his hand. It passed through
the chilly air, farther then he thought it would go - past where the wall
should have been. His searching hand took hold of a door-frame. An exit
to the room lay here, entirely within the shadows.

	The boy's hand did not leave the wall as he walked forwards into the
unknown.

	There was now no light about him.

	A small distance ahead the wall to his right ended, branching into
a black room. He felt forwards some more, and realized that the path also
continued forwards. Two options presented themselves, both equally unknown,
each indestinguishable from the other. He decided to venture to his right.

	He had not taken five steps before his foot landed inside something
that trapped his leg. He lost his balance and fell forwards into the darkness,
his arms instinctively raising in front of him in an attempt to protect
his face.

	There was a dull thud and a splash. He may have blacked out momentarily
- so absolute was the darkness that fainting would not have altered his
perception. As he recovered, he surveyed what had happened. His right hand
was in a pool of water. His chin and tongue - they were warm. It was a
pleasant, fleeting warmth that was quickly replaced with a throbbing pain.
His chin had collided against something and his mouth was filling up with
a liquid that tasted, to his dismay, of blood. The blow to his chin had
forced his teeth closed on his tongue. For a moment he lay still, recovering,
taking in the syncopation of the rain and his racing heart.

	The boy had no wish to linger. He spat away what blood he could into
the darkness. His soggy right arm had landed inside a toilet bowl, the
boy concluded upon feeling around. He swiftly drew it out, and tried his
best to shake off the cold water. 

	Beyond the walls of the construct the weeping clouds were subsiding.

	The
boy's leg had caught inside a bucket, causing him to fall. He violently
kicked into the invisible depths of the room sending it crashing some distance
away. He then got back on his feet. The pain he had just endured, while
still nagging, did not seem to dampen his spirits. He found the wall and
quickly retraced his steps back to the hallway junction.

	This time he took the other doorway; it led to a long corridor which
he proceeded to follow.

	The rain ceased entirely and the other sounds of the night became evident.
Cicadas, formerly in waiting, now tested the weather and with confidence
began to chirp once more. The shimmering trees rustled in the wind, whispering
to their companions.

	Indoors the boy's heavy footsteps rang out. He walked with care now.
A feeling of strange excitement washed over him as he continued forwards.
He would find a way out of this place... and where would he then be? What
did this world consist of, other than this broken-down building, shrouded
in darkness?

	His hand skimmed cracking wallpaper, searching ahead. Suddenly the
corridor turned 90 degrees to the right. There was no other way to go.
As he turned the corner a door presented itself. Thin concentrated beams
of blue moonlight, caught by the dusty air, passed through the narrow gaps
between the door and the walls, and through an old-fashioned brass keyhole
standing sentinel for the doorknob.

	The boy stepped up and tried his luck at opening the door. It was unlocked
but jammed closed. This was the building's final and most feeble attempt
to contain its occupant.

	The boy gathered his strength and kicked against the edge of the door.
It swung wide open, crashing against the outside wall, revealing the sleeping
world.

	With the door open the sound of the cicadas instantly became asphyxiating.
Skywards the clouds had parted and the half-moon was brilliant and enormous,
hovering as if it feared the horizon. The rain-soaked field of knee-high
grass before him expanded ahead for miles. At the boundary of this field
sinister and tapered silhouettes suggested the beginning of a pine forest.

	The child stood for a moment, stunned by the view. What was his plan
now? The boy's mind searched for a thought, but after many minutes of reckoning
he was still clueless. He stood there, brow furrowed, his eyes transfixed
at some imaginary sight beyond any of the details before him. Frustration
washed over him. He could feel something in lying, heavily, in the depths
of his mind; a memory that seemed pertinent, but that resisted recollection.
It was as if this memory were a message that had been written in ink and
left in a downpour - at one point it had surely held great meaning, but
now its smudged letters offered nothing of significance.

	Where was he? He finally turned to gaze at his former prison. It was
a tall apartment building in miserable condition. Shattered windows, peeling
paint, brickwork and an exposed metal skeleton suggested the carcass of
a structure where many people had once lived, or perhaps worked.

	The boy paced now, walking along the edge of the structure.

	When could it be? No date figured in his mind. He knew not how old
he was, nor even his date of birth. The present date could not have been
less within the boundaries of his mind.

	He passed by a window and nearly jumped as his reflection began to
walk alongside him. He turned to this sight and now stared at a stranger.
The eyes of the spectre in the window stole any attention from their accompanying
features. Their blackness glittered, gazing outwards with intensity. At
the same time they opened like black-holes, assiduously sucking in answers
from the world around them. Unable to look away from these eyes boy failed
to notice the round cheekbones, dense eyebrows, and wide, half-open and
bloodstained mouth of the being in the mirror - a being who did nothing
but stare back.

	For minutes the pair stood motionless in the moonlit cicadascape, the
child allowing the gravity of the eyes in the mirror to tug upon him.

	It was at that moment that something happened, sharply cutting the
child off from his thoughts. An event of unknowable significance, the first
in a chain of thousands, had just occurred.

	The rain began to fall once more.

	It escalated quickly; the clouds moved back over the sky like soldiers
forming a phalanx. Droplets began to fall like the first birds in a park
to notice a stranger throwing them bread - in a matter of minutes they
would be hungrily joined by more.

	The boy was suddenly certain of what he must do, as if some ethereal
voice, perhaps the universe itself, had whispered him a clue. He ventured
around the side of the building.

	As the boy was approaching the corner of the building a noise in the
distance became audible over the pounding of the rain. Something was approaching,
and rapidly. The universe whispered softly and the boy's pace quickened.
Adrenaline rushed to his skull as he rounded the corner. He was bolting
now, sprinting as quickly as his legs would carry him, for tearing down
the road just ahead of him was a set of headlights.

	The boy was frantic. He knew not how he knew that this vehicle was
important beyond being a source of escape from this place. His mind saw
not a car but a ferry; the only remaining one of its kind, the only one
capable of carrying him across a lightless sea.

	His blurred legs determined a blurrier fate. He was drenched now, running
full-out, into the centre of the road.

	The car did not begin to lose speed. At the last moment, just when
it was obvious that the driver had no intention of stopping, the car swerved
violently, failing to kill the boy by inches. It fishtailed back onto the
road as the driver fought for control and continued off into the night.
The sound of the engine grew fainter until it no longer competed with the
rain's din.

	The child bent over, his hands on his knees.

	He shivered. The downpour had beaten its way through his sweater which
now clung to him tightly. Blood was welling up inside his mouth again.
His mind was becoming fuzzy, in a curious and absolute way. It was as if
having missed this car was equivalent to having missed all opportunities,
and any further thinking was impossible. The few memories within the boy's
head, those that he had collected throughout this dark night, began to
blur together and fade to nothing, like clouds dissipating in the wind.

	A minute passed by. Suddenly the purr of the engine, which may have
been forever consumed by the night, could be heard again in the distance,
gaining intensity. Blurring memories suddenly regained stark definition
and form. The boy lifted a hand to block headlights which now glared.

	Tires screeched.

	The boy stood up straight, illuminated by the headlights. Millions
of streaks of rain shot through the twin beams.

	The vehicle stood there, growling. It was composed of patchwork metal,
welded messily together. Pitch-black paint covered its chassis, smooth
but rubbery, reflecting little light. The vehicle's interior was not illuminated
and its occupants remaining anonymous. This car repelled the elements,
defiantly standing its ground against the rain that had managed to pry
its way into every other thing.

	The boy walked to the side of the car, overwhelmed by the rain. Blood
trickled from the corner of his mouth and his shirt clung tightly to his
figure. His expression held neutral and his eyes gleamed abnormally, as
if they looked ahead of the reality before him.

	Locks clicked open. The boy was unhesitating. He pulled the cool handle
and passed through the door.

	The universe whispered something, contented.



---Chapter 2---

	The man was sitting with his head in his hands when he heard the rain
begin to fall. All he wanted was to stand beneath its cool fury. Nothing
stopped him from doing so apart from walls of cement and bars of iron.

	Through the door of his cell could be seen the cell opposite, its unkempt
resident fast asleep. Separating the two chambers was a corridor paved
with flagstones. This walkway was impressively long. At regular intervals
it would branch off into another cell, and into the stagnant life of yet
another prisoner. 

	Flickering fluorescent bulbs half-heartedly cast aside the shadows
of the night.

	The soft humming of a girl a few cells down could be heard. On most
nights the inmates would fall asleep to her lullaby.

	The prisoner knew that if he were able to stick his head beyond the
bars and peer down the hall the sight of two guards, wearing the grey and
black uniform of the enemy, would be the only thing to greet him in one
direction. Glancing the other way would reveal a long expanse of hallway
ending in a cement wall.

	A bolt of lightening turned the night into brilliant daytime for a
fleeting second.

	Nothing ever happened here. For months he had sat in this cell, undisturbed.
There was the unthinkable possibility that the outside world had forgotten
his existence, a thought he desperately tried to quell.

	And so the man sat against the wall, his head in his hands.

	It was late and tomorrow would be another day of strenuous labour.
The man knew this, but had fallen once again into the cruel grip of insomnia.
Long ago when he was a free man the nighttime had excited him; its cold
sharpening the senses, its darkness offering the thrill of the unknown.
Now the nighttime boxed him in with his own brooding thoughts. Regardless
of how long he stayed imprisoned here his feelings of frustration remained
as fresh as they were the day he was captured. 

	He hit the floor with a clenched fist, as if the blow would ring throughout
the place, smashing the walls and the ceiling; as if it would contort the
metal bars crowding the windows, making of them a pretzel and hurling them
miles away; as if the ceiling would explode, heaving cement skywards and
the floor would shatter into countless stone fragments, the force of this
blast killing each and every one of the guards throughout this ugly fortress;
killing all their supporters; killing all patriots of Doubt; leaving none
but himself and his allies unharmed, to survey the wreckage beneath the
storm.

	The fortress did not respond to his maddened action. The prisoner's
captors, men allied to Doubt, were members of a powerful nation which opposed
Precept - the nation with which he aligned himself. Since their inception
these two factions had been at each others' throats, locked in a bloody
stalemate, waging a war in which neither side managed to take ground. While
Precept was vastly outmatched in sheer manpower, it held a foothold in
the war due to a force far grander than its military. The captive would
often think of his home, the city of Precept, and the power responsible
for keeping it safe. The thought of it alone sent shivers up his spine.

	The man in the cell sighed. At the very moment Precept and Doubt were
likely engaged, cutting each other apart in distant places. The soldier
grimaced at the thought that he wasn't there, fighting and bleeding alongside
his people. At times it seemed as if he had only one role left to play
in this world, a role assigned to him by a crumpled piece of paper he had
managed to preserve since the beginning of his imprisonment. The note filled
him with purpose. It gave him reason to struggle through each day as a
prisoner of Doubt. It fuelled his anger at his captors, and endlessly sustained
his hope of breaking free.

	With a final flicker the lights turned off for the evening.

	By the faint and clouded light of the moon the captive reread his note.
The storm raged outside as his eyes took in the familiar and faded red
lettering.

	Hours passed and the soldier sat in the darkness of his cell, listening
to the rain and staring gloomily at the floor, like a pendulum swinging
between anger and despair. At times he would find himself laden with such
emotion that his breath would not come easily. When this happened he would
close his eyes and allow his emotions of intense faith, hatred, and resilience
to run free, bounding about his mind, until they would settle into words.
Days beyond counting had passed him by in this cell and in this time he
had written many poems in this manner.

	Doubt acts as a doubtless fire,

	Doubting not, yet burning with cadence,

	Making ashes of things which are precious;

	Our castles, kings and patience

	The girl down the hall stopped humming and was presumably falling asleep.
While her melody had been faint, without it the atmosphere in the prison
became gloomier still.

	The cell's resident found himself wide awake. Was he the only inmate
not asleep at this late hour?

	Suddenly the captive perked up to an unfamiliar noise - feet, lightly
scuffling about near the entrance to the cell where the guards stood watch.
Nothing ever moved quickly here; Doubt's actions at this site were always
performed with a calculated calmness.

	These sounds were faint and muffled by the rain to such an extent that
the prisoner was unsure whether or not he had truly heard anything. But
his mind caught a glimpse of something, just a fleeting glimpse, of this
night being different from the others. The scampering feet had now picked
up on a new objective. They were running, hardly making contact with the
ground, drawing towards him.

	The owner of the feet grew closer and his quiet counting became audible:
"Seventeen, eighteen, nineteen..."

	It was a male, judging by the low voice. The voice drew nearer.

	"Twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two..." and a figure appeared in front
of the cell. The resident jumped to his feet.

	"Cell number twenty-two," spoke the stranger who stopped and peered
through the iron bars.

	This figure was young, in his twenties. His green-grey eyes met the
prisoner's with such brilliance and life that the inmate was instantly
jolted into a state of greater alertness, as if this stranger were a powerful
battery and the captive had just become wired into his circuit. The young
man was of average height but was built massively. A powerful brow and
jaw rested on his wide neck. His broad hands were squeezed into fists.
Thick veins formed a network across the backs of his hands and the corners
of his forehead. They pulsed, visibly, to the beat which kept this figure
very much alive. 

	The intruder had lost his right earlobe, and whatever injury had taken
it from him had left him with a long scar. This scar crossed the outer
edge of his right eyebrow, continued across his temple, passed below his
right ear - where the lobe was severed - and continued downwards across
the back of his neck leading into the collar of his shirt. He wore dark
military pants and a ragged dark grey sweater with a wide hood. A large
knife lay in a sheath fastened to his belt and he carried a dark bag on
his back. This boy, surely a soldier, carried his massive figure with grace
and in complete silence, as if gravity had no influence over him.

	Thunk... Thunk... Thunk...

	A deep, steady drum was sounding out into the night - or was the inmate
imagining things?

	"Number twenty-two," repeated the infiltrator in a low whisper.

	The captive stared through the bars, his mouth half open.

	The boy tossed a piece of paper into the cell; it landed at the prisoner's
feet.

	The inmate stooped to pick it up, his mind instinctively rejecting
any premonition of escaping this place, sensitive to the threat of false
hope... but as the flowing red words transferred from the paper into his
mind he felt his pulse accelerate as his world was reduced, if only briefly,
to nothing other than his hammering heart and a set of ruby letters:

	Journey to Region YY731. Free the prisoner within cell number twenty-two.
Send them along the road to the East.

	"Time's against us. Step back please," the intruder said quietly.

	The man within the cell was overwhelmed but struggled to regain a long-lost
soldierly demeanor. He fought against his racing heart and whirling mind,
shifting his full focus to the current situation. Precept, at very long
last, desired to have him back.

	As the inmate drew away from the door the intruder produced a key which
he had presumably swiped from the guards.

	The strength of the lock which had, for such a long expanse of time
suppressed its prisoner, was instantly reduced to nothing.

	The intruder pushed the door open and out stepped its occupant, his
face bearing an expression of utter gratitude. Every single dream he had
dreamt over the years in this cell was now infinitely more achievable than
it had been moments ago. As the physical cage around him opened, so too
did a cage within his mind, and from this cage something powerful bolted
out into the world.

	While the rain tormented the Earth a free man clapped a hand down on
his rescuer's shoulder.

	The infiltrator met eyes with an indecipherable expression. A drum
may have been beating deeply at that moment.

	Thunk... Thunk... Thunk...

	The free man spoke, quietly and quickly, his voice wavering with gratitude.

	"What's
your name, my brother?"

	The infiltrator responded. His voice remained low and controlled.

	"Auden."

	"And I am Kane, a former captain of Precept... I have awaited this
moment for much time now, and I have something you must see."

	With a serious look the captain dug into his pocket and pulled out
an old, creased piece of paper. He tossed it at his rescuer.

	With a single movement Auden was examining it. Even Kane, a veteran
soldier, was surprised at his rescuer's movements - they were so quick
that they appeared unnatural.

	The paper crackled as it was folded open yet again, but for the first
time in years a new pair of eyes were beholden to its red ink.

	Free the girl in cell number thirty-three. She must accompany you.

	Thunk...
Thunk... Thunk...

	If that drum was a part of reality it was still beating.

	Kane spoke softly yet the air seemed to crackle around him. "When I
was given this message I was back in Precept - it was days before the battle
which landed me here, years ago! I didn't understand how to fulfill this
note - our orders often being vague at first. Only upon arriving here did
I realize that I was fated to be in this prison - but also fated to escape!
I've never had the remotest opportunity to make good on this order, that
is, until this very moment."

	A hush fell over the two men. Both dwelled on the power which had inscribed
the red ink. Thinking even briefly of the note-writers was sufficient to
silence any man of Precept.

	The two locked eyes and nodded with absolute agreement.

	Moments later they found themselves bolting down the aisle of cells
in opposite directions, quietly dashing past sleeping inmates, all but
one of whose paths now diverged from Kane's. Auden ran to cell thirty-three
while the captain headed to the prison block's entrance to keep watch,
but also to gaze out at the world from the precipice of freedom.

	An aura of purpose surrounded the two men. On this thundering night
the requirements of two sets of red letters would be pursued as far as
possible.

	Without awakening the sleeping girl Auden produced his key and dealt
with the lock. Kane watched from far down the aisle. At his feet lay the
two guards who had originally stood in Auden's path. They were slumped
over each other, lying in a wide pool of blood.

	The liquid had flowed far, canalling between the cracks of the flagstones,
creating a terrible crimson spider-web.

	There was no door to the prison building, only a stone door frame.
Kane glanced out over the vast, rain-lashed world. This military camp rested
on a tall hill, the raised crest of earth surrounding a massive crater
which had been punched into the earth by a bomb in ancient times. The plant
life had recovered since that time, and the crater and surrounding area
were overgrown with grass as well as sparse trees. All this plantlife now
bent from the force of the storm.

	The fortress had been put here strategically as it offered excellent
vision in all directions. Kane could see for miles - the expansive forest,
the flatlands beyond, and the point where earth became sky. The crater
on which Doubt's fortress stood was one of dozens in this area. As the
soldier looked outwards the wind swelled to new strengths. Trees in the
distance swayed, barely clinging to the face of the Earth. Inside the camp
certain areas were illuminated by weak yellow lamps. Droplets, hellbent
on smashing into the ground, were briefly illuminated as they streaked
through the cones of light. Kane looked out at the structures of his enemy
and at the tumult of nature, but his mind still found peace in one thought:
the note-writers. They were all-knowing. Were they watching him, even now?
Was their presence alongside him, here, in Doubt's fortress? Kane grinned.
Although he was not yet free from the forces of Doubt a red-inked note
demanded his release, and nothing could be more reassuring.

	A brilliant flash of lightning plunged the world into a blue realm,
allowing it to surface a split-second later. Kane snapped out of his train
of thought. If Doubt was aware of what was happening here, they didn't
seem to be responding just yet. The soldier glanced back to see Auden's
figure, a monstrous silhouette in the dim lighting of the prison, produce
the key to the thirty-third cell's lock.

	The resident of the cell, also destined by the red-inked authority
for rescue, turned in her sleep as her door swung open on well-oiled hinges.
She was a girl in her late teens. Her posture, knees hugged against her
chest, along with the expression on her sleeping face articulated a fright
that she had not the strength to overcome. Light brown hair fell across
white features; freckled skin, a small nose, and sharp cheekbones. Her
eyes were clenched tightly closed, as if she resisted the dawn of another
day in this place. The sound of the door creaking open had reached her,
and had started to draw her out of her realm of sleep. Auden's hands shaking
her shoulder broke her out entirely.

	She instinctively leapt to her feet and stood glaring, taken aback,
at the figure who had invaded her cell. Her gaze briefly moved past Auden
to the cell door, swung wide open.

	"Who are you? Leave me alone!" She snapped, jolting upwards and backing
into a corner.

	Auden stared at her. Pinpoint dots of light marked pupils on a figure
that was otherwise veiled in shadow.

	Somewhere, perhaps nowhere, a drum beat deeply. 

	"You've slept in this cell for the last time. Follow me if you want
out of this place."

	As the words left Auden's lips he strode out of the cell door. He turned
to stare at the girl.

	She stood for another moment. Her hands trembled, and her lips quivered,
dozens of words nearly forming, but all eventually giving way to silence.
The girl then closed her eyes, balled her hands into fists, and breathed
deeply. She opened her eyes again to a world that was far larger than the
one she had previously known. She met Auden's gaze and a single word escaped
her lips.

	"Good."

	Two figures were now running towards Kane, silhouettes of drastically
different proportions which grew larger as they approached the mouth of
the prison. The captain glanced outside again. They were still undetected.
At the moment hundreds of soldiers of Doubt were surely sitting in dozens
of barracks that dotted the camp, hiding from the downpour.

	Auden came to a halt next to Kane. The girl was gingerly skirting Doubt's
casualties. She now stood with the two soldiers.

	The trio eyed each other. Kane nodded to the girl, a familiar face
as they had regularly wound up on the same labour shift, but still a complete
stranger.

	Auden exited the cell-block first, carving into the rain, throwing
on his hood.

	The girl and Kane were right behind him. Kane took a final glance at
his cell, its door wide open, its lock lying discarded on the ground. Somewhere,
a drum beat quietly. A realization was coming over the captain - was this
sound the beating of Auden's heart?

	The three strode into the heavy rain. For six months Kane had dreamed
of such a night.

	The girl had harbored these wishes for even longer. Her skin became
covered in goosebumps as sheets of water broke over it. She wrapped her
arms around herself for a moment, partially for warmth but also to confirm
that she was really here. She stared at Auden, not failing to notice the
strength of his gait and his near-ignorance of gravity... and that drum,
sounding from far away, yet beating powerfully - what was its source?

	Kane was also absorbed in the moment. The long-forgotten feelings of
progress, freedom, possibility, accomplishment, purpose - these sensations
overwhelmed his mind. His thick, partially greying hair was clamping to
his forehead. He lifted his arms above his head, stared into the heavens
as droplets burst over his face, and filled his lungs more than ever before.

	Grass covered the ground inside this fortress. Black asphalt walkways,
which gleamed under the yellow lights, led between dozens of buildings
including many barracks, a radio building, an officer's quarters, and a
huge tent which housed several vehicles.

	Auden spoke: "Hurry. we've got minutes before this place comes alive."

	He
broke into a run and the others followed his lead. Kane and the girl understood
that Auden was referring to the upcoming shift rotation throughout the
base, a process that occurred once per hour. The cold rain whipped across
their faces as they raced through enemy territory. They reached a cement
building and Auden motioned for them to stop. The trio pressed themselves
against the building's side. An orange light affixed to the outer wall
cast a sickly light over the three escapees.

	The girl whispered to Auden, "Why are we stopped?" A distant chatter
suddenly became audible. Auden glanced around the corner, drawing his head
away sharply. 

	"Doubters, two of 'em, coming our way. They haven't seen us."

	Kane prepared himself for a fight. He felt unfit for combat after having
been confined to a cell for years. He was strong from the labour the Doubters
had forced upon him, but his skill in a fight had been diminishing since
the day he was admitted to the prison. He was worried he would be unable
to protect his troupe. The girl had moved away along the wall of the building.
Her liquid hair clung to the sides of her face. More than anything she
appeared uncertain of her situation. Kane was not confident that she would
be of any use in combat.

	The voices of two approaching men were becoming clearer, talking jovially
about the strength of their army.

	Lightning tore the sky in two and the incessant downpour continued.

	They
had almost turned the corner when one of them cracked a joke. They rounded
the side of the building, heads reared back, shrieking with laughter.

	Their amusement was not fated to last for long.

	Kane was prepared to fight, but it took mere seconds to realize it
would not be necessary. As the men entered striking distance Auden moved
in on them, whipping off his hood, instantly throwing his entire weight
behind a blow to the well-exposed throat of the first guard. The guard's
laughter turned to muted choking. And the force of Auden's blow had been
inhuman: the soldier was launched off his feet and crashed against the
ground meters away. Auden didn't allow the second guard to react, sharply
kicking his legs out from under him, causing him to flip into the air,
stomach downwards, flailing. With movements that seemed mechanical, Auden
wound up and drove his elbow directly down on the centre of the man's levitating
spine. Something cracked, and the guard was shot against the asphalt with
massive force. The first guard had gotten to his knees. He was attempting
to cry out, yet the only sound leaving his mouth was a faint whine. Auden
closed in on him. His hand moved faster than the eye could follow and his
knife was suddenly in his hand, bloody.

	Instantly the knife was plunged into the ground. On its way back to
its sheath it glinted momentarily, clean of any blood. Auden grabbed the
bodies of the fallen foes and tossed them against the wall, handling them
like ragdolls.

	A drum was beating, fractionally more quickly than usual.

	Kane stared at his rescuer. A sense of respect surely manifested itself
in his gaze. The girl glanced uneasily towards him, and the former captain
nervously shrugged. The fact stared them, unblinkingly, in the face. This
Auden character, whoever he was, was fearsome. 

	"Keep up!" Auden turned in the direction they were originally heading.
He threw on his hood, sending water droplets flying.

	The trio ran again, away from the slumped bodies, Auden leading the
way. He took them to an inner corner of the compound's wall where he threw
off his bag, opened it briskly, and pulled out a rope ladder. He tossed
it over the wall.

	The ladder slid across the top of the thick fortification and fell
back down.

	Auden tossed it up again as a low siren sounded throughout the camp.

	"That's
the signal for the rotation!" The girl yelled.

	The rope ladder fell back off the fortifications again.

	As the rain poured around them Kane yelled to Auden, "How is that supposed
to catch?"

	But Auden wasn't listening. He tossed the ladder a final time. It caught,
somehow, and dangled downwards, swaying, promising a way out. Auden threw
his bag back on and climbed the rope with astonishing grace. The walls
reached more than 15 feet into the air, yet Auden scaled this distance
in under 5 seconds. Kane and the girl headed up after him, lagging behind.

	The doors of some of the more distant buildings inside the fortress
were now opening. Shafts of harsh light shone out of the doorways into
the night. These beams flickered like fire as soldiers passed through them,
swarming to station themselves in their next position. No one had noticed
the escapees atop the wall just yet. The clouded, stormy sky was a dark
canvas against which their silhouettes blended.

	The trio had reached the top of the fortified wall. Behind them was
a fortress coming alive with soldiers who would be bent on recapturing
them. A mysterious metal bolt had caught the rope ladder. It sat there,
deeply embedded in concrete that cracked slightly around it, looking completely
out of place - yet it had been here to serve a purpose. Sensing what his
companions were thinking Auden turned to them.

	"Questions later."

	The escapees were nearly clear, but one barrier still stood before
them. They sat upon a 15 foot tall fortification. About 8 feet in front
of the fortification, and standing at 10 feet tall, was a steel fence,
the top of which gleamed with barbed wire. At least they were on the side
of the fortress leading away from the crater's center. Beyond the fence
there was only a steep hill, at the foot of which tree cover welcomed them...
and past that lay a world of freedom.

	Moving quickly Auden rummaged in his bag again and pulled out a blanket
made of thick material.

	Within the walls another siren began to sound. This signalled the discovery
of the empty cells. Spotlights exploded on throughout the camp, which began
searching out, trying to pry the runaways from the darkness' protective
embrace.

	Auden now stood up, his arms spread wide holding the blanket, which
he had folded several times, before him. The girl was rolling up the rope
ladder, covering their tracks.

	"You'll have to follow quickly. Trust me."

	With that Auden jumped from the fortification, the material held in
front of him. He crashed against the barbed wire, the blanket hitting first,
catching the barbs. The fence shook violently, spraying droplets all over
- some rain, others blood - and Auden bounced off and forward with an acrobatic
flip. He hit the ground 10 feet down, hard.

	He turned to look back up, red dots welling from his forearms where
the sharpest barbs had pierced the blanket, but otherwise unharmed. Sirens
wailed.

	"Go, go, GO!"

	Kane jumped next. He aimed his feet for the center of the blanket,
which wasn't a difficult task - Auden had taken care of the hard part.
The next leap to the ground was far greater. Kane wobbled off balance for
a moment, atop the covered barbs, then hopped down. For a split second
he was sure he would break his legs from the fall, but Auden caught him
under the armpits a moment before he hit the ground. Kane felt himself,
happy to be in one piece.

	The girl looked back for a brief moment. The soldiers of Doubt were
worked into a frenzy. Spotlights threatened to illuminate the girl's figure
atop the wall at any moment. Jeeps were now driving about the base and
men were barking orders. The girl jumped before she could question herself.
She hit the fence lightly, and jumped again, with a gasp. She found herself
in Auden's arms, and was lowered to the ground. A spotlight cut through
the space where she had been standing only a second earlier.

	Kane clapped his fellows on their shoulders.

	"You beautiful bastards."

	The girl nodded. As rainwater slid down her cheeks she spoke her third
sentence of the evening. 

	"Let's run."

	The trio bolted down the lip of the crater which sloped at a steep
angle, through the rain and chilling air. This artificial hillside was
dotted thickly with trees, and the ground was covered in a green and gold
layer of autumn leaves. From their elevation it was possible to see a great
distance. Hundreds of meters ahead two straight roads cut the land, each
heading in a different direction away from the fortress. Lightning clapped
and revealed, tens of miles away, a clustering and overlapping mess of
craters, strewn with enormous amounts of wreckage. A great city had once
stood at that spot.

	The wind picked up with a howl causing the rain to sting and the clouds
to move quickly. The alarm within Doubt's fortress still rang, but it was
far off now.

	The trio reached the dense tree coverage.

	"We're no longer prisoners."

	Kane could hardly believe he was speaking those words. He felt alive,
even reborn, with the open world beneath his uncaged feet. The girl gazed
at him for a moment. She had been in the prison when Kane had arrived.
He had many questions for her, but there would be time for that later.

	Auden, Kane, and the girl now dodged trees as they ran, their feet
kicking up leaves, wind whising past them. They reached the first road
at the bottom of the incline. Auden stopped sharply. Kane and the girl
stopped next to him, awaiting his instructions. The ex-prisoners panted
heavily. Auden gazed at them, his breathing even and powerful. The night
pulsed to the elevated beating of a drum.

	Their breath gave rise to a cloud of mist. Sheets of water broke over
the land.

	Auden tilted his head to indicate that there was something to see.

	Kane
and the girl followed with their eyes, their gazes landing on a car halfway
concealed in a bush, not more than 10 meters away.

	Kane caught a key which was thrown to him.

	Auden was now stepping backwards away from the other two, raising his
low voice in order to be heard over the rain. "This is where we part! You
are to follow the Eastern road. That's all I know."

	"What about me?"

	Kane turned to the girl.

	"My name is Kane. You are to accompany me."

	"And if I'd rather go my own way?"

	"It's out of the question."

	Kane's tone was conclusive, but he tried to sound caring.

	"You'll be safe with me. My gods will watch over us."

	The girl stood, wordless, thinking of the meaninglessness of what the
soldier had just said to her. She could not imagine what these men wanted.
There was no guarantee that their intentions were as good as they seemed.
The girl did, however, sense that she was in a far greater position than
she had been earlier that evening. Considering she had no choice in the
matter she would do as she was told... for now.

	Auden saluted the two escapees, turning in the direction opposite the
car to another bush. From the thick tangle of branches he removed a motorcycle.

	Kane and the girl stared on wordlessly. The rain and the howling wind
filled in the silence.

	Auden was ready. He vaulted onto the bike and started the engine. Without
a backwards glance he began to drive away.

	The girl cried after him.

	"Thank you!" 

	Her words floated through the rain, past the rustling of trees, and
just barely beyond the purring of the bike to reach Auden. He did not require
gratitude in order to know he had performed well. Today's efforts had resulted
in a trail of enemy corpses, two curiously unoccupied cell chambers, and
a stolen motorcycle on top of it all. The thrill of this crazy world brought
a monstrous grin to his lips which he neither could nor wished to suppress. 

	Now was the time to leave. Without acknowledging the girl he engaged
his vehicle to its full capacity, and with the roar of an engine he disappeared
into the storming night.

	Two pairs of liberated eyes gazed after the disappearing tail-lights.



---Chapter 3---

	Kane slammed the door of the car, separating himself from the downpour.
The girl slid into the passenger seat next to him. This was freedom. They
were free.

	The soldier sunk the key into the ignition. Much time had passed since
he had driven a vehicle. The jeep's shell was composed of steel and sheets
of hardened glass. These surrounded a skeleton built from lighter metals.
This was a machine of war, but had had its weight reduced by Precept's
engineers and offered speed above anything else. While the machine's outside
had been sanded until it was smooth and fully aerodynamic, the interior
was hardly designed for aesthetics. Wires protruded from spots along the
walls and apart from the cushioned seats the interior was composed of bare,
patchwork aluminum, crudely welded together. Few such machines like this
one had been built.

	Now electricity flowed through the circuits of the car, causing its
iron heart to beat and its chemical blood to flow. Kane backed out and
the branches which had concealed the car from view slid down the windshield
and across the hood like a tentacled monster losing grip of its prey. The
rainfall's roar had become muffled by the shell of metal and glass. This
man-made hide effortlessly protected from the elements. Kane flicked on
the wipers, and as his knowledge rushed back to him, the headlights as
well. The man and girl were silent, each subdued by the fact that they
were infinitely more comfortable now than they had been for a very long
time.

	Kane was turning as he backed up. The back tires bumped up from the
grassy shoulder onto the road. The front wheels followed shortly, and the
metallic creature stood on familiar ground. Its engine purred as it realized
that it could now take flight from this place.

	The empty road stretched straight ahead of them, extending beyond the
horizon, to unforeseen places. Doubt's fortress seemed distant now, with
its spotlights still streaking across the sky. Kane looked towards the
horizon with the glimmer of a smile. The note-writers had seen this very
scene ahead of Kane. They had essentially seen what his eyes now saw, of
Doubt's presence being nothing but an afterthought, of the road stretching
ahead. The difference between Kane and The Council, however, was that Kane
did not yet know what lay ahead.

	Machinery and fuel worked unitedly and the vehicle shot forward, plunging
into the night. The man, the girl, and their frame of metal left behind
guards and empty prison cells, enemy soldiers, and their former lives.

	Onwards hurtled the car, lured on by the horizon. It was headed into
a hilly passage. The journeyers travelled in an enclosure of light shed
by the headlights. Darkness resumed behind them where it had, for an instant,
been chased away. It was as if their passage back were being sealed off
by the night, the dark forbidding them from ever returning.

	The rain began to slow until finally it stopped. The wet pavement,
a memory of the storm, glistened in the moonlight as it shot beneath the
car.

	Kane disengaged the wipers. As he regained his confidence in his driving
he pushed the vehicle to new limits, wishing to put as much distance between
himself and the enemy as quickly as possible. The dark trees lining the
road hurtled by at an increasing rate, as if they fled from the car. It
was not until the trees blurred together into a solid wall of flickering
greenery, and the engine of the mechanical being began to stutter, that
Kane decided to decrease his speed.

	Still the landscape flashed by at speeds too great for the eye to follow. 

	It was the darkest time of night. The moon's position was given away
by a patch of illuminated clouds. The half-disk had completed nearly half
its journey across the heavens.

	Fatigue slew the girl. Her head now rested upon the cool window, jolting
with every bump the road had in store. Kane momentarily took his eyes off
the road, removed his damp sweater, and fixed it under the girl's head.

	Kane had an enemy in common with this girl. He felt an attachment for
her if only because he understood her pain.

	The clouds parted and the moon could be seen floating overhead, inspecting
the travelling duo.

	The girl awoke. She realized she was resting on Kane's sweater and
glanced over.

	The soldier noticed her stirring.

	"Good to see you're alright," he said, and after a pause added,

	"You haven't introduced yourself."

	"We've been rather preoccupied," she responded quietly.

	"My name's Claire."

	This was Kane's first opportunity in years to hold a real conversation.
He glanced over to meet Claire's eyes.

	"Precept?" He asked, hopefully.

	Claire shook her head, no.

	"Not Precept. And not Doubt. Just... nothing."

	Kane was disappointed. Precept had no friends outside of itself. Although,
this girl seemed grateful for her rescue. Kane also considered that they
would be bound together for some time, due to the note he had carried for
so long. He would treat this girl well and hope for the best.

	"What's your story?" Kane continued.

	"What do you mean?"

	She spoke in a voice that was delicate but unwavering.

	He shifted his eyes back to the road. "How did Doubt get you? Why did
they desire to imprison you?"

	He quickly glanced at her again. "What's your story?"

	Claire threw the sweater into the back of the car. She stared down
the road, transfixed by the ever-approaching horizon, taking a long moment
to collect herself.

	"Many hundreds of years ago a man and a woman, married to each other,
were climbing mountains. It was upon that day that the world caught fire.
That woman and her husband found shelter in a deep cave, and joined the
very small fraction of human beings to live through that day." 

	She paused for a moment to look out the passenger window. Her tone
disguised something. It was like the voice of a commander quieting her
children, a voice masking its potential to take leadership over a vast
army.

	"The fires burned themselves out over the course of several days, and
finally the couple emerged from their cave. They  harbored confusion and
fear as they stepped into a world with no relation to the one they had
known. They may have taken advantage of their high-up viewpoint to survey
lands that were now scorched and cratered, their greenness turned to charcoal.
These two people, witnesses of unparalleled change, were my predecessors
- not my parents or my grandparents, but further back, far further. I am
their daughter, only separated by more than 15 generations. I am the distantly
removed child of those that lived in an honest world.

	Kane stared straight ahead, but was immersed in Claire's story. Her
words were imbued with immense gravity, bending her listener's ears towards
her. Kane also realized that he had broken a seal. This girl hadn't shared
any of her thoughts with a single soul in a very long time. Now that she
was explaining who she was, she would seek for her entire story to be heard.

	Claire continued.

	"The wilderness provided for this couple for some time. They lived
in a way they had never lived before, hunting and gathering. At some point
they must have decided to make an effort to reconnect with what was left
of humanity."

	She had assumed control over her expression. Strength was creeping
into her voice.

	"This story sounds unrehearsed," Kane said.

	"I've never shared it before," Claire replied, staring out at a dark
landscape of trees.

	"My family, the one which would eventually give rise to me, travelled
to the ruins of a city that had been grand in its time. They assumed that
they'd have the best chance of finding others there - and this was true.
As many years, even decades, passed, more and more survivors flocked to
the ruined city, setting up shelters amongst its craters, giving rise to
a simple community, slowly - very slowly - beginning the rebuilding process.
Maybe, at that point, there was a glimmer of hope, that a friendly world
could once more exist. There was even the opportunity to learn from our
past mistakes and build the upcoming world better than it had been at first."

	Claire's voice suddenly changed, like water bursting into a boil.

	"But all at once a group of men made themselves known, calling themselves
Gods. This divided us. Everyone took on an identity, either accepting the
precept that these men laid out, or choosing to doubt them. Even at this
early stage your war was foreshadowed.

	"But that's because -"

	Kane tried to break in, but Claire would not be interrupted. As memories
and thoughts became words for the first time she gained momentum, and a
drive to make her story known to this soldier. She raised her voice, cutting
Kane off.

	"Amidst the violence that was now steadily building that brave couple
gave birth - and their children eventually had their own children, and
so forth. Over these generations Precept and Doubt formed their identities.
The resentment between these two factions escalated... and within years
believers and atheists called for each other's utter extermination. The
ruthless tone of your war was set in stone. From that point onwards little
has changed. My great grandparents arrived on the scene and gave rise to
my grandparents who in turn gave rise to my mother and father - all of
us, my entire lineage, keeping a distance from your religious conflict."

	Kane caught Claire's gaze. Her expression said that this moment was
not for Kane to break in. The driver was unsure whether or not his passenger
resented him.

	The girl continued.

	"And so my parents stayed in perpetual movement, distancing themselves
from the conflict which surrounded them. They were young, in their early
twenties, when they gave rise to me. Together we struggled to remain out
of harm's way. We also had a goal: to form a nation of our own - one in
opposition to both factions and the war itself, intended instead for the
purpose of reassembling all that was lost in the Great Fire - a task of
unspeakable proportions, but one that I believe is of the utmost importance.
My family would work with other like-minded people, the minority of humans
who managed to avoid being swept up into the war. We carried on like this
until I was 17 years of age. That was when we crossed paths with soldiers
of Doubt; enraged men who revelled in the killing of my parents."

	Kane nodded in approval of her hatred of the enemy.

	"My parents died in front of me. Young though I was, they had not failed
to train me for survival in those 16 years. In that desperate moment I
raised a rifle and shot two men to death before being captured and imprisoned.
I haven't known freedom for 4 years." 

	For a moment she was quiet. Kane glanced at her and saw she was considering
whether or not to say the next thing on her mind.

	"I've spent those years wishing I was dead, finally removed from this
hate-ridden world. I've given thought to how I could end my life in as
painless a fashion as possible. I never thought I'd get free of that place.
I never thought I'd be free of the hunger, of the miserable existence,
of the mistreatment..."

	Claire went silent.

	The wind whistled over the frame of the car and the motor churned on.

	Kane
still felt it upon himself to keep the silence at bay.

	"You know your own history going back a long time - and that is quite
a story, a true insight into life outside of Precept."

	Realizing these words would upset Claire Kane hastily added:

	"It's rare that I hear such stories."

	For a moment the girl was entirely focused on watching the carpet of
rain-washed asphalt disappearing beneath the vehicle. She scowled and shot
back, her tone harsh.

	"You asked me who I am. Me, my family, my lineage, we are those that
want to see something greater than a war fought over a childish disagreement.
The world ended and it was an opportunity for us to start over. Without
war. Without religious hatred. But that all went to hell."

	She went silent and her driver nodded to himself, a dark look spreading
over his face. Kane thought to himself. More than a year of imprisonment
had not diminished the teachings of his nation. He considered that Precept
had created a term for Claire's kind: <span class="italic">Falterer</span>.
Falterers were to be seen as despicable. They held themselves apart from
the war, failing to acknowledge the existence of the Gods. He hated this
girl, in a certain way. Her indifference to The Council was incomprehensible.
She had, however, suffered endlessly at the hands of Precept's enemies.
For an instant Kane entertained a  thought of the girl accepting Precept
as her home after coming to better terms with the idea of The Council.
Indeed, on the rare occasion the men of The Council had allowed outsiders
to join into the nation of Precept. The Council always knew, without even
interrogating, whether or not the intentions of a newcomer were genuine
- and even those who had initially held no faith in the note writers would
be inclined to believe in them after witnessing their signs. With a common
enemy, and even with her current disposition towards the war, the girl
was a potential candidate.

	Claire thought to herself as well. It was difficult for her to see
Kane as anything other than a soldier. If his gods gave him any command,
to kill or do harm, he would do so. He had, however, saved her from a wasted
life, from a cage that would not have relinquished her otherwise. And...
she had no choice but to stay with him. 

	The moon was nearing the end of its journey. Although the sky was still
dark the horizon glowed with the blue of the coming day, as if the world
were a pitch black chamber and light from the adjoining room streaked under
the door.

	The two drove on wordlessly as the rain suddenly came again, more forceful
than before. Minutes later a ruined building by the roadside came into
view. Kane was startled as Claire suddenly cried out.

	"There's a boy over there!"

	Kane saw it immediately - a shadowy figure, youthful judging by his
size, running headlong through the rain to intersect the road just ahead
of them.

	Kane spoke steadfastly.

	"We have nothing to do with him."

	"What will he do without us? There's nothing around for miles. He needs
our help."

	The boy was standing in the middle of the road now, waving his arms
in the air, staring down the hurtling car with pleading eyes.

	"The Council would not stand for it. He is irrelevant to our goal,
and our goal is all that matters."

	Kane took on a more panicked expression as he realized the boy was
not about to move. An instant before what would have been a fatal collision
he swerved sharply, almost nicking a tree at the side of the road.

	He fought for control of the beast and managed to right it back onto
the road. With a wordless grimace he continued driving.

	The girl stared at him with a look of disbelief. She began to speak
with a tone that was transforming, swelling. Some thing was now present
in her voice, a quality that was difficult to dismiss.

	"You intend to leave him? What will he do?"

	Kane made no response other than adjusting the rear-view mirror. The
diminishing figure in the reflection was now bent over in sorrow.

	"Forget your beloved council for just one moment, and think for yourself
- that boy is in the middle of nowhere!"

	Kane stared forward.

	But Claire would not commit. She now unleashed some part of her that
she had kept hidden. Whatever this was it filled her voice and gaze, as
if the commander had turned from her children's bedside, strode purposefully
outside to her battlements, and cried out resoundingly, addressing the
army below.

	"Your council ensured my presence here, and their orders alone have
led me to this moment. Therefore anything I say is surely something they
have predicted, even planned, as a part of their grand scheme. That makes
my will the letter of your law and I command you in the name of your gods
to turn back and help that child!"

	The car bounded onwards through the curtains of rain.

	Claire stared at her driver. The meaning of her words hung heavily
in the air. There was something about how she had spoken, beyond her reasoning,
perhaps the inflection she had used or the words she had chosen. And while
Kane had not noticed it, there had been a second, deep, quality to her
voice, a noise that had accompanied her words. As the silence continued
the impact of what she had said did not dissipate but instead escalated,
like a fire catching. Kane only gazed forwards, his brow furrowed, his
mind suddenly uncertain.

	Claire shot forwards in her seat as the brakes slammed down. The wheeled
beast skidded, frantically trying to take hold of the ground. It left the
stench of burned rubber as it turned 180 degrees, finally pointing back
down the road aimed towards the debris of the building and the stooped
silhouette.

	Claire nodded her head, smiling faintly.

	Kane scowled as he stamped renewed life into the car.

	Moments in the future a strange child, wide-eyed and soaked to the
bone, whose quick breathing laced the crisp air with mist, had opened the
door to the vehicle and was clambering inside.

	Mystery and frightening purpose entered silently with him. A fact was
clear in Kane's mind and it surfaced above all other thoughts. The Council
had desired to claim this odd child. Auden, himself, and Claire had been
used for his retrieval... perhaps solely for his retrieval.

	Who was this sorry, sodden figure? 

	And why was he important?



---Chapter 4---

	Auden was a bird skimming an asphalt ocean.

	The numbing rain which had spattered off his exposed hands and face
had let up several minutes ago. Ahead the sun was still buried beneath
the horizon, yet its rays framed the distant mountains with fire, as if
it were aware of Auden's final destination.

	As he gained on the mountains the greenery subsided. Forests gradually
gave way to a vast boulder-strewn plateau.

	The citizens of the mountain would, as usual, be eager to show Auden
their affection and faith. The soldier's homecoming tended to trigger a
level of appraisal which was only otherwise exhibited by Precept's citizens
upon the return of entire armies. And these armies would be battered; their
numbers greatly reduced from what they once were, consisting of men and
women with horrendous injuries smiling back at the cheering crowds. Auden
had always returned mostly unscathed.

	He would be home soon. He would push through the welcoming, deafening
crowds, stay with his family for perhaps a week, and eventually depart
with another note in hand. No routine could have been more favourable in
his eyes.

	The sun surfaced. Its crest loomed over the mountains as if it had
been buried in sand and a great gust had just unearthed its uppermost parts.
The heavens were now laden with streaks of red and yellow, a colourful
framework which formed a bubble around the sun's sharp yolk-like outline,
preventing it from losing its perfect shape and seeping into the rest of
the sky. The clouds absorbed the sun and lightened. The rocky ground, reflective
from the previous night's rain, mirrored the radiance of the coming day.

	Every strewn boulder became a tiny sun of its own. Auden found himself
journeying through a silent galaxy.

	The looming mountains grew steadily closer. Eventually the road arched
away from the peaks in the distance, as if struck with a fear it had approached
too close. Auden gunned the motor and the bike dove off the asphalt path
and into the rock-strewn plains. The dust that was now beneath the bike
billowed upwards, holding its shape in the windless air and catching the
light, a monstrous spectre giving chase.

	This part of the world was always cool. The low sun shone down on the
plains but lacked its full intensity, as if it were behind dirty glass.
Chilly air streamed over the rider.

	The mountains neared, their immensity becoming tangible, as Auden hurtled
towards them for the next hour. Finally the ground sloped upwards and the
rider found himself in shadow, peering up at a stone colossus whose white
rock-face rose vertically, hundreds of meters into the air. The giant was
one in a chain of hundreds.

	Rocks ahead lay toppled one over the other. Auden drove straight for
the heap of rock, entering through an inconspicuous gap between the two
foremost stones.

	Precept lived on thanks to stealth. The location of this mountain lair
was unknown to the armies of Doubt, and The Council would do all in their
power to maintain this. Precept's enemy was rumoured to possess a single
bomb from the times before the Great Fire, a device developed by an ancient
nation with an ancient and profound mastery of science. The single Pyre
would spell the end of all of Precept if the forces of Doubt ever determined
where to fire it.

	Auden now deftly steered the bike, turning left and right, weaving
through the complex rock layout until he stood directly against the face
of the mountain. Standing at this distance the sheer rock sloped upwards,
quickly angling into a 90 degree bulwark. There was a tingling sense of
security and belonging here. This looming, emotionless titan which pierced
the cold sky stood strong - Precept's immovable guardian.

	Auden now stood before the entrance to the city. A vast semicircular
gate crafted by this realm's founders stood before him, many times taller
than a man. Just to the side of the door stood a small booth manned by
a soldier wearing the welcoming green and grey colours of Precept.

	The bike came to a stop in front of this booth. An older bespectacled
man, sitting within, peered outwards. 

	"Good to see you again, Auden. Did you run into any trouble?"

	"Not more than usual." 

	The man nodded.

	"Welcome home."

	As his words exited his mouth he flicked a switch. Machinery hidden
within the rock began to churn, and the doors gave in to a mechanical force
which now hauled them apart. A dark portal now yawned before Auden. This
massive tunnel stretched as far as the eye could see, lit only by sparse
lamps. These lights dimly revealed the rock walls which were patterned
with shallow curved slashes. These markings memorialized the ancient and
tremendous drilling engines which had, hundreds of years ago, bored through
the mountain, seeking out a safe place for Precept to sink its roots.

	A cool breeze whistled from the tunnel, tossing Auden's hair.

	Auden nodded at the man in the tollbooth, set the bike in motion, and
disappeared into the mountain's hide.

	Auden gunned forwards as the machinery heaved behind him again and
the massive doors once again sealed Precept off from a risky world. Auden
inhaled, his vision focused on the minute speck of daylight, miles away
at the far end.

	The soldier now pushed his stolen bike as far as he could. The whine
of the engine increased in pitch until it was whirring with an intensity
beyond what it was intended for. The point of light in the distance was
slowly growing. The soldier suddenly found himself gripped with immense
impatience. Yes, he wished to relax, see his home, and spend time with
his family - but it was his desire to be in the geographic center of his
faith that now filled him with haste.

	The end was now coming into sight. The bright daylight, no longer a
far-off speck, bore down upon the rider and his vehicle. The light hurtled
forward, and Auden burst through the white portal.

	The roaring city of Precept shot out for miles in all directions and
greeted Auden once more. Countless clay and brick structures, built against
and on top of each other, sprawled across this massive valley, spilling
against the mountain walls around the perimeter. In some places the structures
piled up to immense heights with upper levels high enough to survey the
entire valley. Narrow passages wound between these buildings, beneath the
shadows of hundreds of bridges which allowed passage from one place to
the next. Precept's builders had worked in such an intertwining and connected
fashion that it was unclear whether the valley was filled with thousands
of structures, or just a single teeming hive. Citizens weaved in and out
of this place, working and training and cleaning and building, their combined
movement too complex to take in. A river carved through the city, bordered
by buildings pressed right up against its bed, as if the structures had
been coming at great speeds and had braked at the very last moment. In
the distance the sprawl of brick and clay ceased entirely and farmlands
took over. Even further away smoke and the silhouettes of machines marked
oil fields.

	"My Gods have returned me to their home."

	The thrill of this thought gripped Auden. He slammed down the brakes
and skidded to a halt, finally vaulting off his motorcycle, allowing it
to fall over behind him.

	A squad of off-duty soldiers stood near the mouth of the tunnel. The
eyes of these strong young women and men, dressed in Precept's grey-green
uniform, had followed the skidding bike. It took them no time to identify
the rider by his ease of movement; the fluidity with which he transferred
from his vehicle to the ground, the sureness of his feet as he planted
himself, and more than anything the lightness of his gait as he approached
them. 

	Auden called to the group's captain, identified by her badge. "I've
brought a present from the outlands. That bike formerly belonged to Doubt."

	As he stepped up to the squadron he stared at the captain with a smirk.

	"For
you."

	Auden and the captain reached out, taking hold of each other's forearm
in a salute even though the captain's hand could barely begin to close.

	"Welcome home, Council's Hand."

	With that the captain beckoned to one of her men who commandeered the
bike and drove it into the city. His shouting could be heard, fading into
the distance: "Auden's back! The Council's Hand is back!"

	The remaining eleven soldiers formed a circle with Auden. Several of
them stared like deer, nervous and excited to be in such close company
with this important figure. Auden looked back, breathing in Precept's air
heavily, his dancing eyes connecting with each of his fellow believers.
The effect was like jumpstarting a car, and every soldier straightened
up.

	"Since I've been gone I've travelled to a fortress in the YY731 sector.
Hundreds of troops. Dozens of vehicles. Impressive fortifications. And
none of it stood between our Council and the work they have decided must
be done."

	Auden touched the cheek of the man standing next to him as he turned
away. He now walked towards a city which was slowly being overtaken with
the cheer of his name.

	Moments later the soldier was striding through the shadowed passages
of the city's lowest levels, squeezing past citizens who gazed at him with
admiration. People swarmed to the edges of the higher streets and overlooking
bridges to cheer him along, blocking out the sun.

	"Hand of the Council!"

	"Long live Auden!"

	The voices clambered on top of each other like ants building a hill,
each fighting its way to put a speck of dust in place.

	As the crowd before him became more dense, and hundreds of citizens
continued to flock to the higher levels to catch of a glimpse of him, the
soldier began to feel a sense of claustrophobia. Auden picked up his pace,
brushing by cheering faces with impatience. A man touched his hand as he
grazed by. An old woman kissed him on the cheek as he passed her.

	A forced smile spread over the soldier's face. This part of his return
always tested him. If anything gave him solace it was knowning that all
these people were so affected by his presence due to a burning faith in
their Gods.

	The Council's Hand brushed through the crowded streets for another
difficult twenty minutes. At one point a man held his hand as he passed
by. An old woman kissed Auden's cheek as he grazed her, and a huge group
of young children, timidly watching from a shadowed alleyway, exploded
with excitement as they caught a glimpse of their hero.

	Auden had carved a path starting from Precept's eastern gate (where
he had travelled through the tunnel), arching through the city, and ending
against the mountain walls again at a north-eastern point on the capital's
perimeter. From a bird's eye view his route was clearly marked, thickly
lined with swarms of citizens.

	Finally he was at his destination, a door standing before him. He gazed
upwards at the looming mountain wall, and then behind him at the eager-eyed
crowd, which gave a final cheer. With that he crossed the doorway's threshold
and found himself in a well-lit room. Off to the side was a long row of
elevators, their doors painted a sickly light blue, each familiar with
the deeper regions of the Earth. In front of Auden was a large desk, behind
which sat a secretary. She set down a thick book of records and stood as
Auden entered.

	She was a slender woman in her forties, built of acute angles. Small
eyes and freckles dotted her small face which rested precariously on a
long neck.

	"The noise of that crowd could have only meant one thing. Welcome home,
Council's Hand."

	Like the civilians, Auden seemed to magnetize the secretary's eyes.
She hardly broke eye-contact as she withdrew a large ring of keys, found
the one she was looking for, and inserted it into a keyhole underneath
her desk. The crowds outside had dissolved, their cheers evaporated. The
silence was suddenly filled with the sound of machinery, very far away,
coming to life.

	After a long minute an elevator arrived. Doors opened and the dimly
lit interior beckoned, as if aware it offered a place away from prying
eyes.

	Auden stepped inside and nodded to the secretary, smiling wearily.

	Even
when only a tiny slit was left between the closing doors the secretary
still stared.

	The lift dropped towards Auden's home. Its cream-coloured interior
was bare, save for a diagram on one wall which listed the various floors
this elevator visited. A small white light next to each floor's entry indicated
where the lift currently was.

	The diagram was titled in bolded letters: "The Depths".

	The vast underground realm through which Auden now fell was an extension
of the city, but in many ways it was the heart of Precept. All of the religion's
most crucial initiatives happened here, far from the sun yet still burning
with purpose.

	The Depths was composed of several different sectors, each with a unique
purpose.

	Auden was currently bound for the Talent Sector, the most shallow of
them all and composed of eight simple floors. This place was home to the
army's generals, high ranking members, skilled workers, and other distinguished
members.

	Auden glanced down the list of floors, at the areas that existed far
beneath the level of his home. If the elevator were to overshoot his stop
the next place he would find himself would be the Energy Sector, five floors
tall and responsible for providing Precept with its erratic supply of electricity.
Auden's uncle had described this place to him - a sprawling network of
dark and crudely carved rock tunnels, each lined with thousands of electrical
cables, some as thin as a finger, others as wide as a human head. Permeating
all throughout were the sounds of the generators, shrieking as if they
were in pain, filling the entire sector with the shrill sounds of their
sorrow. But in return the generator's hardship, Precept had power. Some
electricity would find its way to the surface, allowing lights to spread
throughout the city as the sun set, but most of this power would be sucked
downwards.

	Further from the light of day lay the Factory Sector, a massive complex
composed of 18 floors. From this place came all the raw materials that
were used throughout Precept. These poorly lit depths were where rigs captured
oil, and metals, clay and stone were mined by complex hulking machines
as well as untold amounts of manpower. Some of this material would eventually
be hoisted skywards, into the light of day,  to be used in the building
of structures, tools, and vehicles... but the vast majority would travel
deeper still.

	Greater than any of its counterparts, and lying miles beneath the earth
rested the colossal War Sector, the heart of Precept. While this place
was comprised of only six levels, each was enormous with ceilings arcing
hundreds of meters into the sky, massive conveyor belts transporting the
armoured and half-built husks of war machines from one place of assembly
to the next, looming cranes, monstrous in the half-light, maneuvering fuselages
and heavy motors, and the din of hundreds of firing pistons and welding
tools operating day and night. This was where Precept arranged its relationship
with Doubt.

	But one final sector lay deeper still, the smallest of them all, nestled
at the deepest and safest depths that the ancient drilling engines had
been able to achieve. At this awesome depth rested the entity which had
spawned all of Precept. If the War Sector was Precept's heart, this was
its soul. The Faith Sector filled its people with purpose, shielded them
from the turbulent world which lay outside their mountain realm, and served
to guarantee that the nation would outlive its enemy. 

	Auden leaned against the wall as his mind journeyed downwards. A shiver
coursed through him as he made it to the bottom, imagining what lay there.
At long last the lift slowed, stopped, and opened its doors.

	Auden stepped out into a familiar long corridor adorned with a threadbare
brown carpet and peeling grey wallpaper. Doors ran down either side, at
10 meter intervals, each crowned with a weak yellow light that dimmed and
flickered intermittently.

	The elevator was the only being in all of Precept that was not drawn
to Auden's presence. It closed its doors and swooshing away, abandoning
its former passenger in the claustrophobic half-lit hallway. The elevator
shaft was not closed off by any door and with the lift now gone a well
of darkness opened; an abyss which extended towards the center of the Earth.

	"Auden?"

	The soldier turned around. The soft voice had come from directly behind
him, but no one was there. Only the grey wallpaper, giving way to the elevator
shaft, stood in this direction.

	Auden shook his head, turned away, and paced down the corridor. Eventually
he turned a worn brass knob closed himself into a pitch-black room. With
the deft flick of a switch the details of his home popped into existence.
The sparse grey carpet that covered the floor, the roughly cut bare wood
which composed the tables and chairs, the ugly couches, the beige walls,
and the hanging lamp with its rich, mismatched green shade - all these
were exactly as Auden had left them. The couches were adorned in thick
worn brown cloth and took up a corner of the room. Upon one of them lay
a sleeping man who snored softly. This figure's greying and unshaven features
were now subjected to the lamp's gaze and he turned over in his sleep,
subconsciously seeking darkness. This was Ben, Auden's uncle and friend.
Ben was a gifted engineer, lived in the Talent Sector, and worked in the
War Sector. Countless infidels of Doubt had perished at the hands of Ben's
machinations.

	As the lights flickered and his uncle continued to doze Auden tore
off his mud-stained sweater and pants. He glanced at his own muscular and
scarred body, clothed in a worn undershirt and grey underpants. In his
mind each scar was vibrantly reminiscent of the situation in which it had
been earned. A bullet had grazed him in a magnificent battle in the JJ333
valley, the center of Precept's and Doubt's war, and had left an uneven
streak along his stomache. The mottled flesh on his left calf was a remnant
of a knife wound he had received in one of Doubt's outposts in the HC152
region. His left arm bore the memory of a time he, alone, had been tasked
with stealing supplies from a group of 6 soldiers of Doubt: they were memorialized
by a reddish scar. And more memorable than any other wound was the cut
that had replaced his right earlobe with a long gash. Now he had the puncturing
marks in his forearms. If these scarred they would forever serve as a recollection
of the stealthy night spent in Doubt's fortress within the YY731 sector.
His body told a story of Doubt's defeats.

	A small clock in the corner ticked away the minutes, immune to boredom.
Auden had just finished some food he had prepared as Ben found his way
back into the land of the waking.

	"Auden!"

	Ben's voice betrayed his grogginess. The man grunted as he sat up and
leaned in, embracing Auden.

	"It's good to have you back."

	"It's good to see you again."

	Ben held on a moment longer, and finally released his nephew. He then
asked a question in his typical style.

	"So?"

	Auden just smiled.

	"How was your adventure?"

	Ben was waking up, his mind regaining a knife-like quality which had
been temporarily blunted by sleep. His eyes, filled with admiration, locked
with those of his nephew. Ben was eager to rejoice over Auden's accomplishments,
as well as hear any news from outside of Precept.

	"My adventure was once again productive - and yet another affirmation
that our Council works in unknowable ways."

	Ben gazed on as his nephew recounted a story which began with an infiltration
of Doubt's compound, included an inexplicable note from the Council, held
in wait by Kane for nearly two years, and ended with a breathless run through
the autumn forest as distant searchlights hunted fruitlessly.

	Ben looked on.

	"Remarkable. And even as we speak, they pursue our God's work further."

	Auden
nodded, and then changed the subject.

	"What's new in our city?"

	A smirk spread over Ben's face and he shook his head, speaking softly.

	"City,
city, city."

	Auden looked with confusion as his uncle continued.

	"We've over-produced steel. Seriously over-produced it. The War sector
is now working overtime to put all the material to use - we're considering
dusting off the digging engines and expanding the sector. Right now our
engineers are calculating if the cavern could structurally sustain an expansion.
I know, I know, one moment I'm complaining that we are obsessed with battle,
and the next I'm excited to expand our capabilities to produce weaponry
- but we do have a war to win. There's also been a major battle in the
JF333 valley. Two hundred casualties on our side, nearly sixteen-hundred
for our Doubtful friends - not our finest fight, but we've held our position
and even taken a couple of kilometers."

	Auden nodded. This news was good. Ben stared at him intently.

	"I've saved the most sensational news for last."

	The graying man's eyes were alight.

	"The men of the Council have announced that they... themselves... will
address the nation tonight."

	Auden's posture was changed.

	"The Council will speak to us? The Council itself? When was the last
time that -"

	"Long, long ago. You were very young, too young to remember clearly.
The last time our Council thought it appropriate to appear to us in person
was a dark time, on the eve of a disastrous military loss for us. I remember
that night vividly, the entire nation standing under a starry sky, huddled
together against the wind, filling Precept's great center. An existential
fear was rife amongst us. You were so small - your parents and I held you
close. There were whispers all around us, of the loss of great swaths of
territory to our Doubtful enemies. Even more frightening were the rumors
of the possibility that our homeland had been discovered. But that was
when The Council rose up, mortal men, but men whose presence could be felt
draping over us... and everything changed. Seeing our Gods, hearing them
speak for the first time - while we had always known that our nation rested
upon them, as their words reached us we realized that something truly unbreakable,
truly destined to prevail, stood between us and harm's way."

	Ben's voice wavered as this powerful memory surged back to him. Auden's
gaze was hard.

	"And...?"

	"And we have lasted until this day. Not only lasted, but reclaimed
much of our lost territory and more. We have survived through the ferocity
of our fighting, our Council's leadership, and our faith. Now, today, our
Council has news for us; news so great they wish to convey it to us themselves.
I believe we have suffered no great tragedies as of late, so..."

	Auden nearly gasped.

	"You think we are on the brink of victory."

	Electricity seemed to course through the soldier's skeleton. The idea
was too great, too foreign, to comprehend.

	"I don't know what they'll tell us, and I think it's safest for us
to prepare for the worst possible news tonight. All I know is that tonight
will be of great significance."

	The two sat in silence for a minute. Suddenly, Ben leaned forward.

	"How's
your chess coming along?"

	"I'll show you."

	The relatives moved to the wooden table. Auden pulled up two chairs
while Ben fetched the chessboard and pieces, and the two sat opposite each
other. Ben sorted out the white pieces as Auden set up the dark side of
the board in a flash, his huge hands moving with a hummingbird's precision.

	"Does anyone else in this city of ours play chess?"

	Ben, his pieces still in disarray, shook his head as he had before.

	"City,
city, city."

	"That's the second time you've done that."

	Auden's uncle emphatically planted his queen on its square. The board
stood prepared.

	"And that's the second time you've called this place a city."

	Auden watched pieces as Ben slid his king-pawn forwards. He then replied,
pushing his own pawn forward in response.

	"But this is a city. We live in the city of Precept."

	Ben's face was apologetic as he pushed forwards another pawn. He was
about to be critical of his own nation.

	"Do you have any sense of what the old world looked like?"

	Auden studied the board. His uncle understood history and the old,
extinguished world. He replied as he made his next move, pushing another
pawn into the center.

	"I only know what you've told me of it."

	"There's a lot more to it than I could ever tell you. The world which
served as the predecessor to this one was... beautiful. Although complex,
often troubled, and misaligned with respect to religion, it was a noble
place. It was also full of <span class="italics">cities</span>, positively
abundant with them. And the old world was fully hospitable. People thrived
in their cities, everywhere across the globe, unconfined to a small slice
of land as we are."

	Auden furrowed his brow. These were things of which he knew little.
He had remembered hearing Ben talk about such things before, but he had
never been immersed in the conversation.

	Ben moved another pawn forward and Auden brought a knight into the
center of his position. After each player advanced another pawn it was
Ben's turn, and he spoke as he studied the board's state.

	"If our word for those metropolises of old is 'city', then we cannot
justify using the same word to describe this mountain home of ours. The
two are incomparable."

	"How so?"

	Ben moved his bishop up by two tiles. Auden advanced a pawn and Ben
continued.

	"The cities of the old world endeavoured for a certain quality. Although
there were many wars and much disagreement between various factions - or
countries, as they were called, - the nations of the old world desired
to achieve progress beyond all else. Cities were the epicenters of this
pursuit of progress."

	Ben moved a knight forward. Auden replied by moving up another bishop,
then looked upwards at his uncle, waiting for him to continue.

	"Mind your position."

	Ben captured Auden's pawn in the center of the board, and continued
to speak.

	"Now, these old cities of the world were like bodies. Bodies with senses,
the ability to listen and observe, and ability to learn. They were like
bodies with hearts that beat and eyes that gazed ahead. These bodies would
speak to each other to share news of their progress, collaborate, or to
cry for help in times of need. These places pursued objectives that I can
only describe as <span class="italics">human</span>. Art, music, education
and learning were all central tenets of the old world."

	Auden replied first by moving up another pawn, and next in words.

	"But here, in Precept, we also pursue progress. You told me just a
month ago that we improved our artillery, making it more accurate. And
weeks before that you yourself were part of the design team for lighter
vehicle armour."

	Ben, his brow furrowed, replied as he moved up a bishop.

	"You can't even begin to grasp the differences because our current
system is the only one you know. Precept isn't a body. It's a muscle -
cut off from the senses, heart, and mind. Precept flexes but neither thinks
nor feels. We advance our military, but not ourselves. Where are our schools
and performance halls? No city of old lacked these very human facilities."

	Auden captured his opponent's bishop with his knight as he spoke.

	"But old cities were not faced with Doubt. Doubt is the reason that
we can't dedicate ourselves to these greater objectives, isn't it?"

	Ben defended with a knight of his own, recapturing Auden's piece as
he spoke.

	"I believe you're right. I hope that when The Council ends this suffocating
war we will all shift towards progressing ourselves. I hope that without
a mortal enemy we will begin to rebuild our world, and I hope it takes
a shape that would have made the old world proud."

	There was a lull in the conversation as both men observed the board.
Auden moved his queen to the side. Ben then pushed one of his central pawns
further forward and continued to speak, bringing home his point.

	"But in the meantime we have no right to define this place as a city.
We build tanks and bullets and shells, not homes and sculptures. We train
men to give their lives in return for the deaths of Doubt's infidels -
we do not train them to pursue knowledge. And there is something about
it all that troubles me deeply. I fear that by the time that joyous day
arrives, upon which we hurl the final patriot of Doubt into the ground,
we will have forgotten what a human world looks like. If no members of
our population read the texts that I do, and all we know of is war and
combat, what sort of world will we go on to create?"

	"So you're saying it's a matter of looking beyond the war. Our Council
will always ensure that we move in the correct direction."

	"Once again, I hope you're right. I love our Council unquestioningly,
and I know that they work in a manner beyond my comprehension. I know also
that our nation would have never stood a chance of coming to be without
their oversight and love. But, because the war dominates our lives, The
Council has never taken a stance on anything outside of military matters.
They can work miracles on the battlefield, but can we be assured they are
able to work miracles in our society? A saviour is not always a conceiver."

	Auden stared at his uncle. He was unsure how to continue. A thought
began to settle in the soldier's mind.

	Ben spoke.

	"I've taken us off topic. But the point I'm trying to make is that
this place is no city, but a fortress. And mind your bishop, it's treading
on thin ice."

	The game progressed and the conversation became more lighthearted.
Both men developed their positions, dancing around each other's pieces,
their minds ticking away beneath the flickering incandescant bulb. For
a moment Auden caught a glimmer of victory as he stole away his uncle's
castle, but moves later he realized it had been a trap. The number of pieces
standing on the board gradually shrunk. Finally, Ben slid his queen up
and...

	"Checkmate, my dear nephew."

	Auden stared at the board with frustration, hoping to find some move
that would save his king from its plight. With a grunt he eventually reconciled
himself to defeat.

	"I knew that rook was a trap! At least I managed to do a little more
damage to you than usual."

	"You did indeed. In fact, in the near future I may have to quit playing
with you because I'll run the risk of losing!"

	Auden grinned. 

	"I had a thought during the game. I'd like to read one if your books
to learn something of the ancient world."

	"I thought you'd never ask."

	Ben glanced back at the clock before continuing.

	"I'll help you pick out a book as soon as our Council is done their
address - and that begins in just over an hour. I hope you're ready to
see Precept transformed. This realm of ours changes when our Gods appear
in public. You'll want to tidy yourself up. Everyone will strive for an
appearance that honors The Council."

	A hush abruptly fell over the two friends, an unspoken agreement to
cease talking. Now was a time to contemplate their faith as they looked
towards a grand and unpredictable encounter with their gods.

	Precept, in its entirety, was preparing itself. Throughout the city
center, the farmlands, and The Depths things were changing. Every citizen
was dismounting their engines and ploughs, and abandoning their blowtorches,
pickaxes, sewing machines and furnaces. Precept's wartime energy was temporarily
halted for the first time in ages.

	The Factory and War Sectors paused, the vast mechanical engines within
coming to a standstill. Suddenly the tremendous strain on Precept's electrical
supply let up. The lights in Auden's home and all throughout Precept ceased
flickering and brightened.

	Above-ground, all across the hive-like city, civilians standing atop
the tallest structures unfurled banners of grey and green, emblazoned with
the sharp symbol of Precept. Everything occurred in a hush, as if everyone
honored the same treaty of silence. Millions of minds shifted away from
their work and now silently dwelled upon nothing but The Council and the
news that would soon be broadcast to the nation.

	Auden stood in the tiny bathroom of his small apartment, washing and
shaving. A low drum beat steadily. The soldier was transfixed on the idea
that every individual throughout this nation was focused, with absolute
unity, on the same thoughts. The sensation was in the air, like far-away
music.

	After some time the relatives both stepped back into the living room,
clean-shaven and clothed in their finest, Ben wearing The Council's colours
and Auden dressed in a simple buttonless white shirt and dark pants. They
nodded to each other wordlessly, their sense of exhilaration evident to
the point that it had no need to be expressed.

	Ben stepped forward and opened the door into a hallway that was now
crowded, well-lit, and scented with perfume. The hushed inhabitants of
the Command Sector were filing out of their chambers, eyeing each other
in excited silence. Auden followed Ben into the hallway and gazed across
a population he had never before witnessed. All people Auden passed in
this hallway were sweaty, their faces smeared with grease, their work clothes
hanging loosely. Now everyone stood clean-shaven, groomed, and well dressed.
Officers wore their finest uniforms, while many others wore simple yet
elegant clothes in Precept's colours. Auden's neighbours across the hall,
two girls his own age, were nearly unrecognizable in their dresses. An
unspoken sense of excitement pulsed through the quiet air. Every patriot
of Precept had independently agreed to an oath of silence. Even the presence
of the Council's Hand did not stir murmurs.

	The line moved forward as elevators came and left and came again, ferrying
citizens to the surface, delivering them into the crisp air of an evening
that was dark and resounding with purpose. This process continued until
not a single soul remained throughout the twisting and winding passages
of The Depths.

	Precept's full population now stood, gathered, along the arching and
undulating designs of the city center. The sparsely dotted lights  revealed
a mass of millions of people, crowded against each other, their breath
baited, each awaiting precisely the same event. The wind howled causing
huge banners to flutter.

	Minutes passed as more and more citizens surfaced from their homes,
dissolving into the crowd. Not a voice spoke. Auden realized he had been
holding his breath and breathed in deeply. The wind's edge sharpened and
a baby, somewhere, cried out.

	Auden gasped along with millions of others in a sharp, nation-wide
signal of excitement. A great spotlight turned on, its beam directed at
a point high up the mountain, illuminating a wide balcony with a figure
perched up against a metal railing.

	Either the universe hushed for an instant, or this sight was so meaningful
that it blanketed out every sound reaching Auden's ears.

	The figure atop the mountain, clothed in a thick cloak of green and
grey, his hands firmly gripping the railing, his head bent forward over
the chasm below him, bellowed out. His voice was amplified by speakers
stationed all throughout the city center. Words permeated every street
and alley, visiting the mind each and every citizen.

	"Children of Precept! What is truth?"

	An entire nation, in tandem, bellowed out a response.



---Chapter 5---

	"Good."

	The boy spoke this word, his chest still heaving as he recovered his
breath. His soaked hair clung to his face, clamping against his forehead
and spilling against his eyes; eyes which stared intently, focussing on
some unknown object, just beyond anything ahead of him. Currents of rainwater
trickled from his skin and clothes, seeping into the fabric of his seat.

	Two figures stared at him - Claire with concern, and Kane with awe.

	The
girl reached out and rubbed the boy's shoulder.

	"Are you alright?"

	The boy did not acknowledge Claire's touch. Instead he gazed onwards,
between the two faces which stared at him intently, past the vehicle's
glass, and through the vastness of the night.

	"Yes. Let's go."

	Kane became uncertain, as Claire withdrew her hand.

	"Where?"

	Abruptly, the boy's focus snapped away from whatever lay ahead in the
darkness. Beneath tangled hair his eyes locked Kane's, as if they had stuck
them with harpoons.

	Kane let out a small involuntary whimper. The boy's tone, which had
been firm, was now razor sharp.

	"Onwards."

	The pair stared at each other until the boy decided to release Kane
from his gaze, at which point he slouched in his seat and returned his
focus to the nothingness in the distance.

	Claire caught Kane's eye just before he pressed down on the accelerator.
The soldier's face bore a grimace.

	Once again the car hurtled through the night, its headlights unzipping
the darkness. Kane was holding out against fatigue. He with a determined
look he pressed onwards, trees, lakes and crossroads flashing by on either
sjde. A silence took over strangling any prospect of chatter. The vehicle's
motor churned, wheels crunched against asphalt, the wind surged, and droplets
bombarded the earth with suicidal contempt.

	An hour of driving passed this way, in silence, save for when the rider
in the back seat would pipe up softly, saying "left" or "right", guiding
his driver to an unknown, distant point, somewhere along the sparse network
of roads which traversed this part of the world.

	At one point, and as the car barrelled down a particularly straight
stretch of highway, the voice from the back seat rose again, this time
in a strangled tone, the boy fighting to get the words out of his mouth.

	"Can either of you... tell me who I am?"

	Claire turned to the boy although he refused eye contact, interested
instead in a distant presence that only he could perceive.

	"I'm sorry - we don't know who you are. We've been out touch with the
world for years before this night - prisoners. We're the least likely people
to have any knowledge of anything."

	There was a lull as the boy stared ahead, leaving Claire unacknowledged.
The girl frowned, struggling to pick a single line of thought to follow.

	"But what were you doing in the middle of the road? In the middle of
nowhere?"

	"I don't know."

	The boy stared ahead, sullenly. Claire found herself both concerned
and curious and spoke again, the strength of a protective warden creeping
into her voice.

	"How long had you been there, all alone?"

	"I don't know."

	"Well... what's your name?"

	The boy grunted, his tone beginning to ice over once again.

	"I don't... know."

	Kane quickly grabbed Claire's arm, pulled her towards to him, and whispered
brusquely.

	"Let's leave him be."

	As Claire turned to the soldier, reluctant to leave the boy in such
a miserable state, Kane added one last thing.

	"Be sure not to look him in the eyes."

	A faint glimmer of blue light was now spilling over the horizon. At
the same time the downpour was beginning to let up, the rain making way
for the sun. The road the car followed now tilted upwards to climb a massive
incline stretching into the sky, the true size of this mountain becoming
visible as night evolved into day. Since the riders had began their journey
the road which guided them had grown older and more poorly maintained,
and the stretch now leading skywards was cracked and strewn with potholes,
the mirror-like water which had welled up within them reflecting the vehicle's
beams as it shot by. For many minutes the machine's engine worked furiously
to maintain its speed on the steep, bumpy incline, and finally the roadway
levelled out as the car reached the top. The riders had ascended a great
distance.

	Claire had her face pressed against the window, eager to take advantage
of the coming dawn's light to gain a view of her surroundings. At first
each side of the road was lined thickly with trees, swaying from the wind's
force, which persisted even as the rain withdrew. As the foilage flashed
by and the girl continued to look outwards the road strayed closer and
closer to the mountain's cliffside. Suddenly, and at the same moment that
the sun brimmed over the edge of the world, the road became flush with
the edge of the mountain and the forest poured over the cliff, leaving
the view from within the car unobscured.

	The girl gasped. This mountain was not a product of the earth's tectonic
activity - in fact it was not a mountain at all. She gazed out, amazed
that she was now traversing the lip of an immense, abyssal crater, much
like the one on which Doubt's fortress had rested, but spanning an area
perhaps ten times greater.

	Kane glanced outwards, wide-eyed, a grin suddenly on his face.

	"Ah! I've figured out where we are. There's only one crater like this
on the maps I've seen."

	"Where would that be?"

	"In the middle of nowhere really, far west of the significant part
of this world. It will be interesting to find out why my Gods have sent
us here."

	Claire looked back out the window, making no effort to hide her disapproval
of her driver's faith. Kane knew that now was not the time to impress a
point on his companion, but found himself compelled to defend his beliefs.

	"I hope you understand that it is my Gods which plucked you from your
cage! Whether or not you believe in my nation's Gods now, a day will come
when they send a sign so grand and undeniable that you will be compelled
to admit to their prodigy."

	The soldier then glanced at the slouched backseat passenger, careful
to avoid his eyes.

	"That day may come very soon indeed."

	Claire scoffed.

	"It may come, it may not. Let's just hope it doesn't come right this
moment - I'd like to take this view in."

	The sun was lifting itself from the horizon, illuminating sparsely
forested lands which stretched off as far as the eye could see. The interior
of the crater was the only area untouched by the rays, shielded from the
light by its fortress-like rim, the last stronghold of darkness in a world
being conquered by daylight.

	The girl marvelled at the sight, her breath casting fog against the
glass.

	"What could have warped the earth like this?"

	Kane took another quick glance before returning his eyes to the road.

	"I've
heard your question answered before - in ancient times something very,
very important used to be built right there," he said, quickly pointing
to the epicenter of the crater, "and somebody wanted that something destroyed
very, very badly."

	A soft voice piped up from the back seat.

	"Correct."

	Kane paused for a moment, then chuckled.

	"Well that's settled."

	The soldier returned his focus to his driving.

	With mindless, bloodcurdling intensity, and no forewarning, a frenzied
shriek erupted from the back seat.

	"HAAAAAAALT!"

	Kane was startled and smashed down on the brakes, hurtling the three
occupants of the vehicle forward in their seats. The car ground its rubber
treads against the road, trying to clutch the asphalt, screeching to a
stop. As it braked the machine fishtailed, spinning 90 degress.

	Claire looked at Kane, bearing an expression of panic. Her head had
hit the side of the car and blood trickled from her eyebrow.

	The stranger in the back seat had also been hurled forward, but as
if nothing had happened he picked himself up, unlocked his door, and pushed
it open.

	With the door ajar nature's ambience, the sounds of crickets, birds,
and rustling leaves, washed over the travellers.

	As the boy hopped to the ground he spoke a single, calm word.

	"Here."

	Pulling himself together Kane followed without hesitation.

	The girl sat for a moment, calming herself, and blotting the small
trickle of blood with the back of her hand. With that she jumped out of
the car, her feet landing on the soft, soaked dirt roadside. For a brief
moment she took in her heart, still beating fiercely from her scare, her
relief at being able to stand straight after having sat for hours, the
thick scent of the rain mixed with the foulness of burnt rubber, and the
infinite horizon, catching fire from the sun. She walked briskly to catch
up with Kane, who briefly glanced back to ensure his companion was following.

	The soldier now trailed the boy along a muddy path that led off the
road, away from the cliff, and into the thick forest. This path was marked
with the footsteps of others, as well as the lone tire-track of a motorcycle.

	Claire spoke as she caught up.

	"I think our friend almost gave me a heart attack."

	The travellers continued along the puddle-carpeted path as the wind
swept fiercely over the earth. The trees, still wet from the previous rainfall,
swayed violently as if subjected to the will of puppeteers on high. The
tree-lined passage curved gently, and eventually a large structure came
into view, sitting in a clearing.

	The path pointed to a building with a weather-worn cement foundation
and boarded up windows. The cement portion of this strange building rose
two stories into the sky, and an unstable-looking construction of sheet
metal rested upon it, composing a third level. Wires wormed in and out
of the structure, all of them eventually coming together in a massive coil
which descended into the earth to the side of the building. Dozens of satellite
dishes were strewn about the building's roof. The humming of electricity
and the shrill whine of a generator carried over the wind's howl.

	The boy continued to trudge forwards, climbed a crumbling staircase,
and knocked on a rotting wooden door. Claire looked about tensely, scanning
her surroundings.

	For an instant there was no reaction. Kane and the girl glanced at
each other and the boy, who stood with absolute patience. Suddenly a low
banging rang out from inside the building, and the whine of the generator
descended in pitch. Moments later heavy footsteps moved towards the door.
Hinges creaked, and the trio on the doorstep stood face to face with the
building's inhabitant.

	An elderly, unkempt, and slightly overweight man stared out from beneath
locks of greasy, straggly, grey hair. He gazed at the trio with dull eyes,
the corner of his mouth quivering, his forehead wrinkled. Kane was about
to speak, but he was cut off as the building-dweller broke down in a discordant
fit of laughter.

	"I can't - I can't believe it!"

	The old man spoke through his fit, huffing to catch his breath. At
last he pulled himself together.

	"Come right in, you are most welcome here."

	The boy immediately walked inside, brushing past his newly encountered
host. Kane extended his hand.

	"My name is Kane."

	The girl behaved similarly.

	"I'm Claire."

	The man in the doorway shook their hands, one after the other.

	"My name is Oskar. It is a pleasure in the truest sense."

	Claire looked after the boy, retreating into the poorly lit interior
of the building.

	"Please don't mind our friend, he -"

	Oskar looked at the girl, his dull eyes intent, as if a fire burned
behind their aged exterior.

	"You don't have to apologize or justify anything. I understand your
situation fully."

	A nearly boastful tome entered the man's voice as he continued.

	"I understand many things, even things you would not expect me to be
able to know. Never forget that."

	With a strange wink he turned on his heel and strode inside.

	"Follow me. Let us sit and eat and drink and talk."

	Kane closed the door, cutting short the wind's performance. He walked
alongside the girl as they trailed their host.

	The inside of the building was its outside. After a brief walk through
a darkwood-panelled corridor lined with abstract art and dim yellow lamps,
four figures found themselves corralled into a small dining room. Darkwood
cabinets, stretching from floor to ceiling, took up two walls of this room.
A small counter with some cooking applicances occupied the 3rd. The black
marble floor, and the wooden table in the center of this chamber had each
been polished until smooth, and they reflected the dull lights which were
set into a white plaster ceiling. This room was set against the back of
the building and its fourth wall was composed entirely of glass, a huge
window which peered into the forest, revealing leafy details made visible
by the light of the sun, now fully detached from the earth's edge. The
half of the room nearest the entry and opposite the window was darkened,
the bulbs set into the ceiling only glowing weakly.

	Oskar moved over to the counter and began stepping on a foot-pump,
causing water to flow from a spigot. With this water he filled a metal
pot.

	"Pardon the lighting in here. It's usually better - I've needed to
use a lot of power upstairs."

	Kane and Claire sat down at the table, the yoke of exhaustion settling
upon them, surpressing their urge to inquire. Oskar flipped open an ice-box
and removed several slabs of meat. He began to prepare them on a gas stove.

	"You kids are looking beat."

	Claire smiled.

	"I certainly am. I don't know how Kane is even keeping his eyes open
- drove while I slept."

	Kane managed a quick chuckle before laying his head down on the table.

	"I'm
dying to sleep, but I'm dying equally of hunger."

	The boy spoke up from his corner of the table.

	"I would like some food as well please."

	The old man replied.

	"You will all eat, and you will all rest."

	Oskar worked about the kitchen, cutting up bread, seasoning, mixing
and frying. At one point he ran off, and returned with spices he had gathered
from another part of the house. At the same time Kane had fallen asleep
on the table, his chest evenly rising and falling, his face smeared against
the smooth surface. Claire peered out through closing eyes, taking in the
strangely lit room, her sleeping guide, and the boy, staring into the distance
as always. A delicious smell now hung in the air. With that the girl slipped
into sleep.

	The soldier and the girl slept, and Oskar continued to cook; grilling
vegetables, stirring a sauce, and rummaging about, finally producing a
bottle of wine. Every so often he would turn his head and gaze at the boy
who, for his lack of movement, still appeared entirely alert. After each
glance the chef would chuckle and turn back to his task at hand.

	The sleeping souls awoke as Oskar dropped a tray full of steaming food
into the center of the table.

	"I hope you like beef. Eat now, sleep soon."

	Claire looked towards her host.

	"Thank you for having us here, even though - I mean, especially because
we don't even know what our purpose here is."

	Oskar nodded appreciatively. Kane spoke up even as he rubbed the sleep
from his eyes.

	"Claire may not know why we're here. But I do."

	"Is that so?" Asked Oskar.

	Kane turned to the elderly man.

	"We're following a trail set before us by my nation's Gods. Even now,
Precept itself is with us, sitting right there."

	The soldier pointed towards the boy, sitting on the sunlit half of
the table. His expression was, paradoxically, even less distinguishable
now that it was cast into the light.

	Oskar chuckled. "Perhaps. Anyways, dig in please."

	Four pairs of hands reached into the center of the table and for a
long while no sound was heard but chewing and contented sighs.

	Finally Kane leaned back in his chair.

	"I couldn't eat another bite. Oskar, in my wildest dreams I never expected
to dine so well tonight."

	The old man smiled at his guest as Kane took on a more serious tone.

	"Now
I feel compelled to ask you - are you a child of Precept?"

	At first Oskar cackled, wrinkles sprouting from the corners of his
eyes.

	"I haven't been anyone's child for a long time!"

	But as Kane stared onwards, awaiting a real answer, the host's smile
slightly faded and he shook his head - no. Kane was disappointed, but continued.

	"That begs a question - how do you understand the need to help us?"

	The
slightest hint of pride crept into Oskar's voice.

	"For now just know that I do, indeed, understand. I think you should
all get some shuteye."

	With that the old man stood up.

	"I've recently learned many things that will interest you all. We will
discuss these matters together, but I think you will regret doing so with
tired minds."

	Oskar's guests got to their feet, their movements slowed by fatigue
and the quantity of food they had just eaten. The guests were then escorted
through the massive building, past rooms that were in darkness, others
that were decorated with velvet carpets and bureaucratic-looking furniture,
chambers stocked with piles of machine parts and scientific-looking instruments,
and some rooms that were entirely bare with rough cement walls, dirt floors,
and protruding wires.

	As he walked at the head of the pack Oskar thought of how, at around
this very moment, a motorcycle engine, miles away, was being gunned to
life.

	Eventually the old man stopped before an open doorway, granting access
to a room with several small, low beds. A pile of bedding rested on a table
in the corner.

	"Please rest yourselves. I look forward to speaking with you when you've
awakened."

	As Oskar walked away the trio silently prepared themselves for sleep.
As the boy stared on, sitting upright in his bed, Claire stretched out
on her mattress, and from across the room Kane let out a quiet, contented
murmur.

	As sleep overwhelmed the girl she whispered a thought, meant only for
herself.

	"What are we doing here?"

	The girl's eyes shut tight. Somewhere, miles away, a motorcycle engine
was gunned to life.


